3. RSS is a better measure of goodness of fit of model in regression because r-squared cannot determine if the coefficient estimates and predictions are biased, which is why residual plots are best.
r- squared does not indicate if a regression model provides an adequate fit to your data. A good model can have a low R2 value. On the other hand, a biased model can have a high r2 value.

4. Gini impurity index measures the degree or probability of a particular variable being wrongly classified when it is randomly chosen. But what is actually meant by ‘impurity’? If all the elements belong to a single class, then it can be called pure. The degree of Gini index varies between 0 and 1, where 0 denotes that all elements belong to a certain class or if there exists only one class, and 1 denotes that the elements are randomly distributed across various classes. A Gini Index of 0.5 denotes equally distributed elements into some classes.

5. Unregularized decision-trees phrone to overfitting because in decision trees, over-fitting occurs when the tree is designed so as to perfectly fit all samples in the training data set. Thus it ends up with branches with strict rules of sparse data. Thus this effects the accuracy when predicting samples that are not part of the training set.

6. Ensemble methods are techniques that create multiple models and then combine them to produce improved results. Ensemble methods usually produces more accurate solutions than a single model would. 

7. Bagging is used when the goal is to reduce the variance of a decision tree classifier. Here the objective is to create several subsets of data from training sample chosen randomly with replacement. Each collection of subset data is used to train their decision trees. As a result, we get an ensemble of different models. Average of all the predictions from different trees are used which is more robust than a single decision tree classifier.

  Boosting is used to create a collection of predictors. In this technique, learners are learned sequentially with early learners fitting simple models to the data and then analysing data for errors. Consecutive trees (random sample) are fit and at every step, the goal is to improve the accuracy from the prior tree. When an input is misclassified by a hypothesis, its weight is increased so that next hypothesis is more likely to classify it correctly. This process converts weak learners into better performing model.
  
8. Out-of-bag (OOB) error, also called out-of-bag estimate, is a method of measuring the prediction error of random forests, boosted decision trees, and other machine learning models utilizing bootstrap aggregating (bagging) to sub-sample data samples used for training

9. Cross-validation is a statistical method used to estimate the skill of machine learning models.
It is commonly used in applied machine learning to compare and select a model for a given predictive modeling problem because it is easy to understand, easy to implement, and results in skill estimates that generally have a lower bias than other methods.

10. Hyper parameter tuning is a process of searching parameters for a particular model so that efficiency of he model is highest.

11. When the learning rate is too large, gradient descent can inadvertently increase rather than decrease the training error. […] When the learning rate is too small, training is not only slower, but may become permanently stuck with a high training error

12. In statistics and machine learning, the bias–variance tradeoff is the property of a set of predictive models whereby models with a lower bias in parameter estimation have a higher variance of the parameter estimates across samples, and vice versa. The bias–variance dilemma or bias–variance problem is the conflict in trying to simultaneously minimize these two sources of error that prevent supervised learning algorithms from generalizing beyond their training set

13. Regularisation is a technique used to reduce the errors by fitting the function appropriately on the given training set and avoid overfitting

14. Adaboost increases the accuracy by giving more weightage to the target which is misclassified by the model. At each iteration, Adaptive boosting algorithm changes the sample distribution by modifying the weights attached to each of the instances. It increases the weights of the wrongly predicted instances and decreases the ones of the correctly predicted instances.
    Gradient boosting calculates the gradient (derivative) of the Loss Function with respect to the prediction (instead of the features). Gradient boosting increases the accuracy by minimizing the Loss Function (error which is difference of actual and predicted value) and having this loss as target for the next iteration.

15.  